The council discussed the dragon, its impact on the land, and the Sword of Erondil. The sword is the only weapon that can harm the dragon and was last seen in the Castle of Abercorn. The dragon is held in place by an old enchantment, and breaking the spell may cause it to leave. The player has been chosen to deal with the dragon and left near a mountain path in the North-East.
The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west.
The player is currently in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A sparrowhawk is soaring in the air above. There is a steep pathway leading south to dense woodland with an old building by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west.
The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A sparrowhawk is soaring in the air above. There is a steep pathway leading south to dense woodland with an old building by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west. The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west. The council discussed the dragon, its impact on the land, and the Sword of Erondil. The sword is the only weapon that can harm the dragon and was last seen in the Castle of Abercorn. The dragon is held in place by an old enchantment, and breaking the spell may cause it to leave. The player has been chosen to deal with the dragon and left near the mountain path in the North-East.
The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a steep pathway leading south to dense woodland with an old building by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west. The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A sparrowhawk is soaring in the air above. There is a steep pathway leading south to dense woodland with an old building by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west. The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west. The council discussed the dragon, its impact on the land, and the Sword of Erondil. The sword is the only weapon that can harm the dragon and was last seen in the Castle of Abercorn. The dragon is held in place by an old enchantment, and breaking the spell may cause it to leave. The player has been chosen to deal with the dragon and left near the mountain path in the North-East.
There is a building of some kind in the distance, near the start of some dense forest. There looks to be some sort of sign on a post, but it's too far away to make out properly.
The player is in swampy ground filled with water, hearing the croaking of frogs and the occasional bubble of marsh-gas coming to the surface. A little man is present, offering a box for sale. The player can go west towards a little country road.
The player has no money.
The player attempted to look at something, but it is unclear what.

It is important to note that this new memory is based on an interpretation of the observation, and further context may be necessary to confirm or modify it.
The abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' is old, with walls that are a dirty white and paintwork that is starting to peel and blister. The windows are covered in cobwebs and there is a faint odour of mildew and decay. No-one seems to have lived in the inn for years. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west.
The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A sparrowhawk is soaring in the air above. There is a steep pathway leading south to dense woodland with an old building by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west. The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west. The council discussed the dragon, its impact on the land, and the Sword of Erondil. The sword is the only weapon that can harm the dragon and was last seen in the Castle of Abercorn. The dragon is held in place by an old enchantment, and breaking the spell may cause it to leave. The player has been chosen to deal with the dragon and left near the mountain path in the North-East. The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a steep pathway leading south to dense woodland with an old building by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west. The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll
A tiny sparrowhawk is soaring in the air above.
A tiny sparrowhawk is soaring in the air above.
The player is in swampy ground filled with water, hearing the croaking of frogs and the occasional bubble of marsh-gas coming to the surface. There is a little man and a large cardboard box here. The player can go west towards a little country road. The player has no money. The player attempted to look at something, but it is unclear what. The abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' is old, with walls that are a dirty white and paintwork that is starting to peel and blister. The windows are covered in cobwebs and there is a faint odour of mildew and decay. No-one seems to have lived in the inn for years. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west. The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A sparrowhawk is soaring in the air above. There is a steep pathway leading south to dense woodland with an old building by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west. The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. The council discussed the dragon, its impact on the land, and the Sword of Erondil. The sword is the only weapon that can harm the dragon and was last seen in the Castle of Abercorn. The dragon is held in place by an old enchantment, and breaking the spell may cause it to leave. The player has been chosen to deal with the dragon and left near the mountain path in
The player attempted to look at something.
The player attempted to do something and was prevented by the little man, who is offering a box for sale. The little man wants the player to buy the box.
The player attempted to look at something and was prevented by the little man, who is offering a box for sale and wants the player to buy the box.
The player attempted to look at something and was prevented by the little man, who is offering a box for sale and wants the player to buy the box.
The player attempted to look at something and was prevented by a little man who wants them to buy a box.
The abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' is described in more detail, with walls that are a dirty white and paintwork that is starting to peel and blister. The windows are covered in cobwebs and there is a faint odour of mildew and decay. No-one seems to have lived in the inn for years. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west. A little man is present, offering a box for sale. The player attempted to look at something, but was prevented by the little man, who wants the player to buy the box.
The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. The inn has walls that are a dirty white and paintwork that is starting to peel and blister. The windows are covered in cobwebs and there is a faint odour of mildew and decay. No-one seems to have lived in the inn for years. There are some stone steps leading down and an open doorway to the outside to the west. There are some tables and chairs. There is a dark, intricately-carved wooden chair in the corner behind the player. The player can go west (back outside) or down some steps.
The abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' is old, with walls that are a dirty white and paintwork that is starting to peel and blister. The windows are covered in cobwebs and there is a faint odour of mildew and decay. No-one seems to have lived in the inn for years. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west. The inn has walls that are a dirty white and paintwork that is starting to peel and blister. The windows are covered in cobwebs and there is a faint odour of mildew and decay. No-one seems to have lived in the inn for years. There are some stone steps leading down and an open doorway to the outside to the west. There are some tables and chairs. There is a dark, intricately-carved wooden chair in the corner behind the player. The back of one chair is covered with fine carvings. The player can go west (back outside) or down some steps.
The player attempted to look at something, but it is unclear what.
The player attempted to look at something, but it is unclear what.
The abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' is old, with walls that are a dirty white and paintwork that is starting to peel and blister. The windows are covered in cobwebs and there is a faint odour of mildew and decay. No-one seems to have lived in the inn for years.
The inn's interior has stone steps leading down, an open doorway to the outside to the west, some tables and chairs, and a dark, intricately-carved wooden chair in the corner. The back of one chair is covered with fine carvings.
The abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' is old, with walls that are a dirty white and paintwork that is starting to peel and blister. The windows are covered in cobwebs and there is a faint odour of mildew and decay. No-one seems to have lived in the inn for years. The inn's interior has stone steps leading down, an open doorway to the outside to the west, some tables and chairs, and a dark, intricately-carved wooden chair in the corner. The back of one chair is covered with fine carvings.
