The library lobby has a circulation desk, a pair of security gates, a card catalog, glass doors to the west leading to the book stacks, an archway to the northwest labeled "Duplicating Services", a door to the north marked "Private", and an exit to the east. A circulation desk attendant is present in the lobby.
* The library lobby has a circulation desk, a pair of security gates, a card catalog, glass doors to the west leading to the book stacks, an archway to the northwest labeled "Duplicating Services", a door to the north marked "Private", and an exit to the east. A circulation desk attendant is present in the lobby.
* The Ground Floor Stacks is a cavernous room with flickering fluorescent lighting and half-empty shelves filled with dusty boxes of early games. There is a massive, ancient desk with paperwork on the surface and a sign on the wall indicating that this is the reference desk. A reference librarian is sitting behind the desk. There are glass doors leading east to the lobby and a doorway to the north labeled "Stairs".
The library lobby has a circulation desk, a pair of security gates, a card catalog, glass doors to the west leading to the book stacks, an archway to the northwest labeled "Duplicating Services", a door to the north marked "Private", and an exit to the east. A circulation desk attendant is present in the lobby. In the Rare Books Room, there is a valuable book that is kept locked away. * The Ground Floor Stacks is a cavernous room with flickering fluorescent lighting and half-empty shelves filled with dusty boxes of early games. There is a massive, ancient desk with paperwork on the surface and a sign on the wall indicating that this is the reference desk. A reference librarian is sitting behind the desk. There are glass doors leading east to the lobby and a doorway to the north labeled "Stairs".
The library lobby has a circulation desk, a pair of security gates, a card catalog, glass doors to the west leading to the book stacks, an archway to the northwest labeled "Duplicating Services", a door to the north marked "Private" with a sign saying "Private" in large friendly letters, and an exit to the east. A circulation desk attendant is present in the lobby.
The Rare Books Room is located on the second floor and requires a key to access it. The library lobby has a circulation desk, a pair of security gates, a card catalog, glass doors to the west leading to the book stacks, an archway to the northwest labeled "Duplicating Services", a door to the north marked "Private", and an exit to the east. A circulation desk attendant is present in the lobby. The Ground Floor Stacks is a cavernous room with flickering fluorescent lighting and half-empty shelves filled with dusty boxes of early games. There is a massive, ancient desk with paperwork on the surface and a sign on the wall indicating that this is the reference desk. A reference librarian is sitting behind the desk. There are glass doors leading east to the lobby and a doorway to the north labeled "Stairs". The library lobby has a circulation desk, a pair of security gates, a card catalog, glass doors to the west leading to the book stacks, an archway to the northwest labeled "Duplicating Services", a door to the north marked "Private" with a sign saying "Private" in large friendly letters, and an exit to the east. A circulation desk attendant is present in the lobby.
The Ground Floor Stairwell has grungy stairs leading upwards to the second level. There is a damaged picture on the wall and a door to the south leading to the ground floor shelving area. The library lobby has a circulation desk, a pair of security gates, a card catalog, glass doors to the west leading to the book stacks, an archway to the northwest labeled "Duplicating Services", a door to the north marked "Private", and an exit to the east. A circulation desk attendant is present in the lobby. The Ground Floor Stacks is a cavernous room with flickering fluorescent lighting and half-empty shelves filled with dusty boxes of early games. There is a massive, ancient desk with paperwork on the surface and a sign on the wall indicating that this is the reference desk. A reference librarian is sitting behind the desk. There are glass doors leading east to the lobby and a doorway to the north labeled "Stairs". The library lobby has a circulation desk, a pair of security gates, a card catalog, glass doors to the west leading to the book stacks, an archway to the northwest labeled "Duplicating Services", a door to the north marked "Private" with a sign saying "Private" in large friendly letters, and an exit to the east. A circulation desk attendant is present in the lobby. The Rare Books Room is located on the second floor and requires a key to access it.
The defaced painting has the letters "A" to the left, a check mark in the middle, and the letter "N" at the far right.
The Ground Floor Stacks is a cavernous room with flickering fluorescent lighting and half-empty shelves filled with dusty boxes of early games. There is a massive, ancient desk with paperwork on the surface and a sign on the wall indicating that this is the reference desk. A prim young woman, who is the reference librarian, is sitting behind the desk. There are glass doors leading east to the lobby and a doorway to the north labeled "Stairs". The library lobby has a circulation desk, a pair of security gates, a card catalog, glass doors to the west leading to the book stacks, an archway to the northwest labeled "Duplicating Services", a door to the north marked "Private" with a sign saying "Private" in large friendly letters, and an exit to the east. A circulation desk attendant is present in the lobby. The Rare Books Room is located on the second floor and requires a key to access it. The defaced painting has the letters "A" to the left, a check mark in the middle, and the letter "N" at the far right.
The library lobby has a circulation desk that dominates the room, seemingly cobbled together over the course of several generations from an assortment of desks and tables. A pair of security gates stands before the front doors to prevent people from stealing books. A card catalog lurks in a dark and dusty corner of the room, seemingly cringing away from the harsh fluorescent light. Glass doors to the west lead to the book stacks; an archway to the northwest is labelled "Duplicating Services"; a door to the north bears a sign marked "Private" in large friendly letters; and the exit is to the east. A circulation desk attendant is present in the lobby. The Ground Floor Stacks is a cavernous room with flickering fluorescent lighting and half-empty shelves filled with dusty boxes of early games. There is a massive, ancient desk with paperwork on the surface and a sign on the wall indicating that this is the reference desk. A reference librarian is sitting behind the desk. There are glass doors leading east to the lobby and a doorway to the north labeled "Stairs". The library lobby has a circulation desk, a pair of security gates, a card catalog, glass doors to the west leading to the book stacks, an archway to the northwest labeled "Duplicating Services", a door
The card catalog in the library lobby is covered in cobwebs and thick dust, giving it the appearance of being rarely used or completely abandoned.
The library lobby has a circulation desk, a pair of security gates, a card catalog, glass doors to the west leading to the book stacks, an archway to the northwest labeled "Duplicating Services", a door to the north marked "Private", and an exit to the east. A circulation desk attendant is present in the lobby. The player has examined the card catalog and found that it is filled with old, dusty index cards. The card catalog is covered in cobwebs and thick dust, indicating that it has not been used in a long time. The card catalog contains information about the library's collection of books and other materials. The player can use the card catalog to search for specific books or topics. The card catalog has a search function that allows the player to type in a keyword or phrase and then displays a list of relevant cards. The player can also browse the cards manually to find information. The card catalog is an important tool for research and can help the player find the information they need. The Ground Floor Stacks is a cavernous room with flickering fluorescent lighting and half
The player has examined the card catalog in the library lobby.
The player has expressed an interest in examining the card catalog.
