A talking egg is on top of a rickety fence and has asked for help. The egg is humming a tune your mother used to sing at bedtime.
"The talking egg is scared of falling and has asked to be released from the fence. It is humming a tune your mother used to sing at bedtime."
"A talking egg is on top of a rickety fence and has asked for help. The egg is humming a tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. It has coughed politely and looked away, possibly feeling anxious or uncomfortable."
"A talking egg is on top of a rickety fence and has asked for help. The egg is humming a tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. It has coughed politely and looked away, possibly feeling anxious or uncomfortable. The egg is capable of understanding and responding to statements."
"A talking egg is on top of a rickety fence and has asked for help. The egg is humming a tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. It has coughed politely and looked away, possibly feeling anxious or uncomfortable. The egg is capable of understanding and responding to statements. You have been asked to tell the egg that its feathers are shiny and beautiful."
"A talking egg is on top of a rickety fence and has asked for help. The egg is humming a tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. It has coughed politely and looked away, possibly feeling anxious or uncomfortable. The egg is capable of understanding and responding to statements. You have been asked to tell the egg that its feathers are shiny and beautiful. To talk to the egg, you can try techniques such as 'egg', 'do something', 'ask the egg about a topic', or 'tell the egg about a topic'."
"A talking egg is on top of a rickety fence and has asked for help. The egg is humming a tune your mother used to sing at bedtime, which it fondly remembers being sung by its own mother every night. It has coughed politely and looked away, possibly feeling anxious or uncomfortable. The egg is capable of understanding and responding to statements. You have been asked to tell the egg that its feathers are shiny and beautiful. To talk to the egg, you can try techniques such as 'egg', 'do something', 'ask the egg about a topic', or 'tell the egg about a topic'."
"A talking egg is on top of a rickety fence and has asked for help. The egg is humming a tune your mother used to sing at bedtime, which it fondly remembers being sung by its own mother every night. It has coughed politely and looked away, possibly feeling anxious or uncomfortable. The egg is capable of understanding and responding to statements. You have been asked to tell the egg that its feathers are shiny and beautiful. To talk to the egg, you can try techniques such as 'egg', 'do something', 'ask the egg about a topic', or 'tell the egg about a topic'. You have decided to follow a muddy trail."

The new memory includes all the information from the memory stream, as well as the new information from the observation about following the muddy trail.
A talking egg is on top of a rickety fence and has asked for help. The egg is humming a tune your mother used to sing at bedtime, which it fondly remembers being sung by its own mother every night. It has coughed politely and looked away, possibly feeling anxious or uncomfortable. The egg is capable of understanding and responding to statements. You have been asked to tell the egg that its feathers are shiny and beautiful. To talk to the egg, you can try techniques such as 'egg', 'do something', 'ask the egg about a topic', or 'tell the egg about a topic'. You have decided to follow a muddy trail.
A talking egg is on top of a rickety fence and has asked for help. The egg is humming a tune your mother used to sing at bedtime, which it fondly remembers being sung by its own mother every night. It has coughed politely and looked away, possibly feeling anxious or uncomfortable. The egg is capable of understanding and responding to statements. You have been asked to tell the egg that its feathers are shiny and beautiful. To talk to the egg, you can try techniques such as 'egg', 'do something', 'ask the egg about a topic', or 'tell the egg about a topic'. You have decided to follow a muddy trail.
