Bedroom is extremely spare with dirty laundry scattered all over the floor. Cleaner clothing can be found in the dresser. A bathroom lies to the south, while a door to the east leads to the living room. The time is 9:05. A telephone, a wallet, and some keys are on the end table. The phone is ringing.
The phone is ringing.
Phone is ringing.
Phone is ringing.
Phone is ringing.
You got out of bed.
The phone is no longer ringing.

Here is the updated memory stream:

Memory Stream: Bedroom is extremely spare with dirty laundry scattered all over the floor. Cleaner clothing can be found in the dresser. A bathroom lies to the south, while a door to the east leads to the living room. The time is 9:05. A telephone, a wallet, and some keys are on the end table. The phone was ringing, but it has stopped. Phone is ringing. Phone is ringing. Phone is ringing. Phone is ringing. Phone is ringing. You got out of bed.
Bedroom is extremely spare with dirty laundry scattered all over the floor. Cleaner clothing can be found in the dresser. A bathroom lies to the south, while a door to the east leads to the living room. The time is 9:05. A telephone, a wallet, and some keys are on the end table. The phone was ringing, but it has stopped. You got out of bed.
A wallet and some keys were on the end table.

Memory Stream: Bedroom is extremely spare with dirty laundry scattered all over the floor. Cleaner clothing can be found in the dresser. A bathroom lies to the south, while a door to the east leads to the living room. The time is 9:05. A telephone is on the end table. The phone was ringing, but it has stopped. You got out of bed. A wallet and some keys were on the end table.
The phone is no longer ringing.
Living room is nicer than most in the neighborhood with a kitchenette to the east, the bedroom to the west, and the front door to the south. There is no stereo, TV, or DVD in the room. The time is still 9:05.
Bedroom is extremely spare with dirty laundry scattered all over the floor. Cleaner clothing can be found in the dresser. A bathroom lies to the south, while a door to the east leads to the living room. The time is 9:05. A telephone is on the end table. The phone was ringing, but it has stopped. You got out of bed. A wallet and some keys were on the end table. The phone is no longer ringing. Living room is nicer than most in the neighborhood with a kitchenette to the east, the bedroom to the west, and the front door to the south. There is no stereo, TV, or DVD in the room. The time is still 9:05. The front door is closed.
