The tent contains a large, locked trunk at the foot of the cot.
The tent contains a large, locked trunk at the foot of the cot. Golden rays of the sun filter through the open tent flaps on the southern wall, and a plane is flying high overhead outside the tent.
A plane is flying high overhead outside the tent.
The tent contains a large, locked trunk at the foot of the cot. The tent entrance is held shut by a padlock. Golden rays of the sun filter through the open tent flaps on the southern wall, and a plane is flying high overhead outside the tent. A plane is flying high overhead outside the tent.
The tent contains a large, locked trunk at the foot of the cot. The tent entrance is held shut by a padlock. Golden rays of the sun filter through the open tent flaps on the southern wall, and a plane is flying high overhead outside the tent. A plane is flying high overhead outside the tent.
The tent does not contain a key. The game has informed us that "You can't see any key here!" and that the narrator doesn't know the word "any".
The game has informed us that the narrator doesn't know the word "any".
The player doesn't know the word "numbers".
The player has been asked what they want to listen to.
The tent makes no sound. It sounds as if the plane is circling. A plane is flying high overhead outside the tent. The tent contains a large, locked trunk at the foot of the cot. The tent entrance is held shut by a padlock. Golden rays of the sun filter through the open tent flaps on the southern wall. The tent does not contain a key. The game has informed us that "You can't see any key here!" and that the narrator doesn't know the word "any". The player doesn't know the word "numbers". The player has been asked what they want to listen to.
The game has informed us that the narrator doesn't know the word "try".
The player doesn't know the word "clues".
The player doesn't know the word "objects".
The game has informed us that the narrator doesn't know the word "anything".
The player doesn't know the word "long".
The game's text response to the last action is "I don't know the word 'things'".
The game has informed us that the narrator doesn't know the word "try".
The tent contains a large, locked trunk at the foot of the cot. The tent entrance is held shut by a padlock. Golden rays of the sun filter through the open tent flaps on the southern wall. The tent does not contain a key. The game has informed us that "You can't see any key here!" The player doesn't know the word "numbers". The player has been asked what they want to listen to. The game has informed us that the narrator doesn't know the word "try". The player doesn't know the word "clues". The player doesn't know the word "objects". The game has informed us that the narrator doesn't know the word "anything". The player doesn't know the word "long". The game's text response to the last action is "I don't know the word 'things'". The game has informed us that the narrator doesn't know the word "try". A plane is flying off.
The game's text response to the last action is "I don't know the word 'tool'".
The player doesn't know the word "object".
The game's text response to the last action is "I don't know the word 'item'".
