The player has woken up in their tent with a hangover and discovered that Roboff has run off, taking the emergency radio with him. The player's tent has been cleaned out, but the amulet they "borrowed" from Mr. Meshugge is still there.
A note taped to the tent wall.
"The pyramid can be found by going to the middle of camp and going east four times and north once. It can be opened using the player's amulet."
The player is currently in Francisco Roboff's tent. The tent contains an emergency signal radio, a toilet, and a note taped to the wall. The note provides instructions on how to find and open the pyramid using the player's amulet. The player's tent has been cleaned out, but the amulet they "borrowed" from Mr. Meshugge is still there.
The emergency signal radio in Francisco Roboff's tent has only one button, which will start a distress/locator beacon.
The player has woken up in their tent with a hangover and discovered that Roboff has run off, taking the emergency radio with him. The player's tent has been cleaned out, but the amulet they "borrowed" from Mr. Meshugge is still there. A note taped to the tent wall. "The pyramid can be found by going to the middle of camp and going east four times and north once. It can be opened using the player's amulet." The player is currently in Francisco Roboff's tent. The tent contains an emergency signal radio, a toilet, and a note taped to the wall. The note provides instructions on how to find and open the pyramid using the player's amulet. The player's tent has been cleaned out, but the amulet they "borrowed" from Mr. Meshugge is still there. The emergency signal radio in Francisco Roboff's tent has only one button, which will start a distress/locator beacon. The emergency signal radio in Francisco Roboff's tent can be used to send a distress/locator beacon.
The pyramid can be found by going to the middle of camp and going east four times and north once. It can be opened using the player's amulet.

Therefore, the new\_memory field should be set to "The pyramid can be found by going to the middle of camp and going east four times and north once. It can be opened using the player's amulet."
The pyramid can be found by going to the middle of camp and going east four times and north once. It can be opened using the player's amulet.
The player is currently in the desert and can only see sand and sunlight in all directions.

Memory Stream: The player has woken up in their tent with a hangover and discovered that Roboff has run off, taking the emergency radio with him. The player's tent has been cleaned out, but the amulet they "borrowed" from Mr. Meshugge is still there. A note taped to the tent wall. "The pyramid can be found by going to the middle of camp and going east four times and north once. It can be opened using the player's amulet." The player is currently in Francisco Roboff's tent. The tent contains an emergency signal radio, a toilet, and a note taped to the wall. The note provides instructions on how to find and open the pyramid using the player's amulet. The player's tent has been cleaned out, but the amulet they "borrowed" from Mr. Meshugge is still there. The emergency signal radio in Francisco Roboff's tent has only one button, which will start a distress/locator beacon. The player is currently in the desert and can only see sand and sunlight in all directions.
The player has stumbled over the encampment. Sheer accident. Center of Camp.
The player is currently in the desert and can only see sand and sunlight in all directions.
