"Player took an item."
"The compass is made of jade and has a glass needle that points to the feather."
"A tortoise-shell comb is present."
"The player is in a banquet room with glassware and stoneware arranged in constellations. There is a chamber of brooding silence to the south, a sweet fragrance to the east, and stairs of blackest marble leading downward. On the table are a banquet of bones and some ivory chopsticks. A compass made of jade with a glass needle pointing to the feather and a tortoise-shell comb are present."
"The compass is made of jade and has a glass needle that points to the feather. It has a gentle warmth on its surface and emits transactions of light that show other rooms to the south and west."
"The compass is made of jade and has a glass needle that points to the feather. It has a gentle warmth on its surface and emits transactions of light that show other rooms to the south and west."
"The garden is made of metal and wood, painted and sculpted to resemble branches and pines. It is heedless of the seasons and contains a jade compass at its metaphysical center. The compass has a gentle warmth and emits transactions of light that show other rooms to the south and west."
"A sudden vertigo overtakes the player upon taking the first step, suggesting the need to find a guide-star to anchor the way."
"Player hesitates to go down the stairs again due to dizziness."
"The glassware and stoneware are arranged in deliberate shapes like constellations. A vague, sweet fragrance comes from the east. The player experiences a sudden vertigo upon taking the first step."
"The player is reminded of long nights of silence, waiting for footsteps that never came."
"The player is in a banquet room with glassware and stoneware arranged in constellations, as well as a banquet of bones on the table. A vague, sweet fragrance comes from the east. The compass is made of jade and has a glass needle that points to the feather. It has a gentle warmth on its surface and emits transactions of light that show other rooms to the south and west. A sudden vertigo overtakes the player upon taking the first step, suggesting the need to find a guide-star to anchor the way."
