> Start
Life sucks. Today has been just another crummy day in another dismal spring which you've spent delivering pizzas. This afternoon has totally been dragging, except for that bit of excitement an hour ago when you broke the soda machine. You thought your boss was going to rip you a new orifice.

Anyway, you've just finished mopping up behind the counter. There's only one more hour left on your shift and you're anxious to get out of here. Go home, watch the tube, blast some tunes, maybe scan the new "Surfers Monthly" magazine... gonna be a nice relaxing evening.

Shyeah, right. That's what YOU think.


REVERBERATIONS
A Hectic Voltairian Adventure
Copyright (c) 1996 by Russell Glasser.
Updated and revised 1998
Release 1 / Serial number 990110 / Inform v6.10 Library 6/5
Standard interpreter 1.0

Behind the Counter
You are behind the counter at "Mr. Tasty's Pizza Parlor", where you are currently working. Not much of a job, but it keeps you from going broke during the nine months of the year when you can't pull down the bucks as surfing instructor. The rest of the parlor is southwest.

There is something pressing that you think you have to do, but you can't think what it might be.
> Explore the pizza parlor
That's not a verb I recognise.
> look
Behind the Counter
You are behind the counter at "Mr. Tasty's Pizza Parlor". To the southwest is the rest of the restaurant.
> go southwest
You walk around to the front of the pizza parlor.

Pizza Parlor
You are standing in the middle of "Mr. Tasty's Pizza Parlor". The counter separating you from the back of the parlor stretches in front of you on the northeast corner of the room. To the south is an exit to the street.
> go east
You could walk behind the counter to the northeast, or exit to the south.
> go south
Street, by Pizza Parlor
San Doppleton is where you live, work and play -- at least until summer. It has the typical California culture; which is to say, none. But at least it's just forty minutes' drive from Santa Barbara and the beach, so you can't complain much.

You stand in the heart of San Doppleton's main drag, the business district. The street goes east and west. The sidewalk runs by a pizza parlor, with a sewer vent nearby.

Two men bump into each other. They murmur apologies and go their separate ways.
> look
Street, by Pizza Parlor
You stand in the heart of San Doppleton's main drag, the business district. The street goes east and west. The sidewalk runs by a pizza parlor, with a sewer vent nearby.

Two men bump into each other. They murmur apologies and go their separate ways.