> Start
It is with great hope and expectation I send you on this mission," the Grand Inquisitor intones, his voice booming like distant, rumbling thunderheads. "We have discovered what appears to be a piece of the Great Underground Empire, never before explored. I would have sent Grubald the Bold, but he's busy. As is Matchlick the Mighty. So, 'tis you."

"What of Linklaw the Lucky?" you ask shyly.

"Laid up. I'm afraid 'tis you and none other. A simple, solo quest, one of fun and mirth, mischief and merriment, a jaunt, an excursion, a simple outing. Merely explore, enjoy yourself, and bring back news of what lies there, long-ago buried for countless ages."

"And Fretsham the Fortunate?" you ask hopefully.

"A fatality!" the Inquisitor booms. "Here," he says with evaporating patience, "take these and be of good cheer." He thrusts into your hands two things: a brass lantern of dubious quality; and a plastic sword of no antiquity or use whatsoever.

"But what of Kolchack the --"

"Enough! Kolchack is contracted. Remember, who is the boss of you!"  He pauses briefly as if awaiting a reply. Then without warning, he answers his own question. "Me! I am the boss of you! Now begone!"

And with that, you embark on...

Zork: The Undiscovered Underground, a text adventure prequel to Zork Grand Inquisitor
Copyright 1997 by Activision Inc.
Written by Marc Blank and Mike Berlyn, programmed by Gerry Kevin Wilson.
Release 16 / Serial number 970828 / Inform v6.13 Library 6/2
Standard interpreter 1.0

New Excavation
You are standing at the entrance of a narrow, waist-high tunnel that winds out of sight to the northeast. This, you have been told, is the entrance to the newfound areas of the Great Underground Empire. In your left hand hangs a rather unconvincing replica of the traditional adventurer's brass lantern. In the other is an ersatz-Elvish sword of no antiquity whatsoever. Its plastic blade, dull as a bread knife, barely reflects the lantern's dim and uneven glow.
> go northeast
As you enter the tunnel, you feel a slight rumble beneath your crepe-soled boots. As you turn to look back up to the exit, giant, translucent boulders begin to fall from the walls and ceiling. You duck and cover your head -- when the dust clears, you feel your heart sink in your chest. You are trapped!

Tunnel
You are in a narrow tunnel whose entrance has been blocked by gigantic, translucent boulders. Your only option is to continue to the northeast, where the tunnel gradually widens.
> go northeast
Cultural Complex
This imposing ante-room, the center of what was apparently the cultural center of the GUE, is adorned in the ghastly style of the GUE's "Grotesque Period."  With leering gargoyles, cartoonish friezes depicting long-forgotten scenes of GUE history, and primitive statuary of pointy-headed personages unknown (perhaps very, very distant progenitors of the Flatheads), the place would have been best left undiscovered. North of here, a large hallway passes under the roughly hewn inscription "Convention Center."  To the east, under a fifty-story triumphal arch, a passageway the size of a large city boulevard opens into the Royal Theater. A relatively small and unobtrusive sign (perhaps ten feet high) stands nearby. South, a smaller and more dignified (i.e. post-Dimwit) path leads into what is billed as the "Hall of Science."