The council discussed the dragon, its impact on the land, and the Sword of Erondil. The sword is the only weapon that can harm the dragon and was last seen in the Castle of Abercorn. The dragon is held in place by an old enchantment, and breaking the spell may cause it to leave. The player has been chosen to deal with the dragon and left near a mountain path in the North-East.
The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west.
The inn has tables, chairs, and a dark, intricately-carved wooden chair in the corner behind the player.
The inn has tables, chairs, and a dark, intricately-carved wooden chair in the corner behind the player, with the back of one chair covered with fine carvings.
The inn has stone steps leading down and an open doorway to the west. There is a magnificentally carved chair here, which is intricately carved and located in the corner behind the player. The back of one chair is covered with fine carvings.
The inn has a faint odor of mildew and decay.
The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A tiny sparrowhawk wheels and soars lazily in the air. There is a steep pathway to the south leading down into dense woodland, and an old building can be seen by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west.
The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A tiny sparrowhawk wheels and soars lazily in the air.
The inn has patches of mould on the walls.
The inn's cellar is a natural cavern under the inn, which has been smoothed and extended to form a storage area. There are remains of old barrels and almost everything else has been removed. Dim daylight filters down the open stairwell from the inn above. By the far west wall stand thick stalagmites which rise out of the floor like dragon's teeth, behind which is a dark opening. It might be your imagination, but you think you can just catch an occasional dry, rustling sound coming from deep inside the darkness. The uneven floor is covered in dust, and at first glance you see no signs of life apart from your own boot-prints. There is an ancient silver coin and some barrels here.
The player has entered a dark area.
The player is carrying nothing.
The cellar is a natural cavern under the inn, which has been smoothed and extended to form a storage area for casks and bottles. There are remains of some old barrels, but almost everything else seems to have been removed from here long ago. Dim daylight filters down the open stairwell from the inn above, where there is a flight of steep stone steps. By the far west wall stand thick stalagmites which rise out of the floor like dragon's teeth, behind which is a dark opening. It might be your imagination, but you think you can just catch an occasional dry, rustling sound coming from deep inside the darkness. The uneven floor is covered in dust, and at first glance, you see no signs of life apart from your own boot-prints. There is an ancient silver coin and some barrels here.
The council discussed the dragon, its impact on the land, and the Sword of Erondil. The sword is the only weapon that can harm the dragon and was last seen in the Castle of Abercorn. The dragon is held in place by an old enchantment, and breaking the spell may cause it to leave. The player has been chosen to deal with the dragon and left near a mountain path in the North-East. The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west. The inn has tables, chairs, and a dark, intricately-carved wooden chair in the corner behind the player. The inn has stone steps leading down and an open doorway to the west. There is a magnificentally carved chair here, which is intricately carved and located in the corner behind the player. The back of one chair is covered with fine carvings. The inn has a faint odor of mildew and decay. The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A tiny sparrowhawk wheels and soars lazily in the air. There is a steep pathway to the south leading down into dense woodland, and an old building can be seen by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west. The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A tiny sparrowhawk wheels and soars lazily in the air. The inn has patches of mould on the walls. The inn's cellar is a natural cavern under the inn, which has been smoothed and extended to form a storage area. There are remains of old barrels and almost everything else has been removed. Dim daylight filters down the open stairwell from the inn above. By the far west wall stand thick stal
The player has entered a dark area.
The player has encountered a dragon and taken some damage. The dragon is the only creature that the player is not able to defeat in combat. The player's score has gone down by two points. The player is on a mission to deal with the dragon and find the sword of Erondil, which is the only weapon that can harm the dragon. The sword is currently located in the Castle of Abercorn. The dragon is being held in place by an old enchantment, and breaking the spell may cause it to leave.
The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west. The inn has tables, chairs, and a dark, intricately-carved wooden chair in the corner behind the player. The inn has stone steps leading down and an open doorway to the west. There is a magnificentally carved chair here, which is intricately carved and located in the corner behind the player. The back of one chair is covered with fine carvings. The inn has a faint odor of mildew and decay. The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A tiny sparrowhawk wheels and soars lazily in the air. There is a steep pathway to the south leading down into dense woodland, and an old building can be seen by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west. There is a pile of bones here. The inn has patches of mould on the walls. The inn's cellar is a natural cavern under the inn, which has been smoothed and extended to form a storage area. There are remains of old barrels and almost everything else has been removed. Dim daylight filters down the open stairwell from the inn above. By the far west wall stand thick stalagmites which rise out of
The player is near a building with a sign on a post, located near the start of some dense forest in the distance.
The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west. The player can go north (to the mountains), west (towards a swamp) or east (into the inn).
The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A tiny sparrowhawk wheels and soars lazily in the air. There is a steep pathway to the south leading down into dense woodland, and an old building can be seen by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west. There is a pile of bones here. The inn has patches of mould on the walls. The inn's cellar is a natural cavern under the inn, which has been smoothed and extended to form a storage area. There are remains of old barrels and almost everything else has been removed. Dim daylight filters down the open stairwell from the inn above. By the far west wall stand thick stalagmites which rise out of the floor like dragon's teeth, behind which is a dark opening. It might be your imagination, but you think you can just catch an occasional dry, rustling sound coming from deep inside the darkness. The uneven floor is covered in dust, and at first glance, you see no signs of life apart from your own boot-prints. There is an ancient silver coin and some barrels here. The council discussed the dragon, its impact on the land, and the Sword of Erondil. The sword is the only weapon that can harm the dragon and was last seen in the Castle of Abercorn. The dragon is held in place by an old enchantment, and breaking the spell may cause it to leave. The player has been chosen to deal with the dragon and left near a mountain path in the North-East. The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy
The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A tiny sparrowhawk wheels and soars lazily in the air. There is a steep pathway to the south leading down into dense woodland, and an old building can be seen by the path. There is a pile of bones here.
The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. The inn has a faint odour of mildew and decay. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west. The player can go north (to the mountains), west (towards a swamp) or east (into the inn).
The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. There is a tiny sparrowhawk that wheels and soars lazily in the air. The player can see a steep pathway to the south leading down into dense woodland, and an old building can be seen by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west.
The player can go north (to the mountains), west (towards a swamp) or east (into the inn).
The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A tiny sparrowhawk wheels and soars lazily in the air. There is a steep pathway to the south leading down into dense woodland, and an old building can be seen by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west. The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west. The player can go north (to the mountains), west (towards a swamp) or east (into the inn).
The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A tiny sparrowhawk wheels and soars lazily in the air. There is a steep pathway to the south leading down into dense woodland, and an old building can be seen by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west. There is a pile of bones here.
The player is near a pile of bones here.
The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A tiny sparrowhawk wheels and soars lazily in the air. There is a steep pathway to the south leading down into dense woodland, and an old building can be seen by the path. In the distance, the steel-grey of the sea can be glimpsed to the west. The player is near an abandoned inn or tavern called 'Troll's Arms' on a mountain path in the North-East. There is a path leading north into the mountains and some swampy ground to the west. The player can go north (to the mountains), west (towards a swamp) or east (into the inn). There is a pile of bones here.
The player is in the Rocky Mountains on a clear, bright morning. A tiny sparrowhawk wheels and soars lazily in the air. There is a steep pathway to the south leading down into dense woodland, and an old building can be seen by the path.
