The player finds themselves in an alien world after being pushed out of a window by an old woman in their nightmares. The world is filled with hazy objects that are moving around in a haphazard manner, and is characterized by distorted sound and inexplicably colored twilight. The player is trying desperately to wake up.
The player sees a cascade of red color exploding below them.
A visually indistinct shape that instills fear appears in the alien world.
The player finds themselves in an alien world after being pushed out of a window by an old woman in their nightmares. The world is filled with hazy objects that are moving around in a haphazard manner, and is characterized by distorted sound and inexplicably colored twilight. The player is trying desperately to wake up. The player sees a cascade of red color exploding below them. A visually indistinct shape that instills fear appears in the alien world. The player is now standing on the roof of a tower, built of crumbling masonry, which seems to be centuries old. The roof has an iron railing of strange design and a winding staircase that leads down. The city below the tower has dark domes and steep roofs that form a silent silhouette against the clear star-filled sky.
The player is now standing on the roof of a tower, built of crumbling masonry, which seems to be centuries old. The roof has an iron railing of strange design and a winding staircase that leads down.
The player decides to search the dark tower.
The player wants to talk to someone, but there is no one there.
The player wants to talk to someone, but there is no one there.
The player wants to talk to someone, but there is no one there.
The player finds themselves in an alien world after being pushed out of a window by an old woman in their nightmares. The world is filled with hazy objects that are moving around in a haphazard manner, and is characterized by distorted sound and inexplicably colored twilight. The player is trying desperately to wake up. The player sees a cascade of red color exploding below them. A visually indistinct shape that instills fear appears in the alien world. The player is now standing on the roof of a tower, built of crumbling masonry, which seems to be centuries old. The roof has an iron railing of strange design and a winding staircase that leads down. The city below the tower has dark domes and steep roofs that form a silent silhouette against the clear star-filled sky. The player is now standing on the roof of a tower, built of crumbling masonry, which seems to be centuries old. The roof has an iron railing of strange design and a winding staircase that leads down. The player decides to search the dark tower. The player wants to talk to someone, but there is no one there. The player wants to talk to someone, but there is no one there. The player wants to talk to someone, but there is no one there. Unless you learn to fly, the only exit is down the staircase.
