> Start
<RRROWWGRROWL> Your stomach growls.

You've been vegging out in front of that flickering screen for hours, your pet by your side. Now your complaining stomach sets you up on your feet, and on a mission.

Snack Time!
An Interactive Break for a Bite
by Hardy the Bulldog (with help from Renee Choba)
Release 1 / Serial number 080929 / Inform 7 build 5U92 (I6/v6.31 lib 6/12N) 
(For more information please type ABOUT)

Sitting Room
This is the room where you sit a lot. Well, you sleep here sometimes too. But there is a different room that is just for sleeping, and it is to the north. There's another room to the west. It's the room with the food. That is a good room.

Even though this is the sitting room you can't sit on everything. There are a lot of "no"s here, like the thing you can't scratch, and the tall thing and the four-legged thing that isn't alive but that stands still with the box of light on its back.

Your pet is here, all stretched out on the long soft thing and snoring.
> go west
Food Room
Food room, glorious food room!

Your bowl for food and water is here, but that's only the beginning. There's also a lot of secret places where your pet keeps food and things that go with food and things that make food better. There's a thing that gets hot and a box that stays cold, and that is your favorite because you know there is always food inside there. A cloth hangs down from the door of the cold box.
> open cold box
This is a good trick!

You pull on the cloth with your teeth and back up as the door opens. Inside you can see various leftovers, some jars, some sandwich fixings and one shiny can.
> examine shiny can
It's shiny and filled with some liquid that your pet really likes.
> take shiny can
You snatch up the shiny can with your mouth and hold on tight.
> go east
Before you leave the food room, you push the cold box door with your nose to close it. (It's important to conserve energy.)

Sitting Room
Your pet is here, all stretched out on the long soft thing and snoring.
> eat shiny can
That's not tasty.